>> Mike North: So
we're going to build a functional cashier.
So this is gonna illustrate the power
of functions and closures and
give us a little bit more
practice around interfaces,
and types, and
how they play with functions.
So what we wanna do is we can invoke
a function called cashier and
this should be stabbed out in
the starting point for the exercise.
And whatever value we capture there,
it's gonna
have sort of an API on it that we can
use to add things to a shopping cart.
So you can see we can add one apple.
Note that we're not passing
a third parameter there.
So sort of, unless you specify quantity
as we did when we are adding pears,
the assumption is,
just add one to my cart.
We should also be able to add
an item in that following way.
Right, where we're passing an object
of that particular structure.
When I say structure,
you should be thinking interface, maybe.
And then, finally, the cart.length and
cart.total properties,
I advise you use a getter there.
So that when we access
that property value,
you can sort of iterate over
your array of items and
you can figure out how many items you
have or how much your total bill is.
Keep in mind, I'm sorry that I did
not get this into the slide, and
I just realized there's ambiguity.
In terms of the count of items,
we would regard it as how many
individual things are in your cart, not
how many types of items are in your cart.
So, two pairs count as two items.
So when you're returning cart.length,
in this case it would be two
plus three plus one is six.
Makes sense?
All right, I gave you some shapes
to use as the basis for
designing your interfaces.
So items that can be added to the cart
should look kind of like this.
And an object that is returned by
the cashier function, and add, and
addItem, it should look like this, right?
And the reason we return it from add and
addItem is so that, as demonstrated by
this slide here, we should be able to kind
of just keep chaining .add, .add, .add.
If you’ve used promises before,
.then, .then, same concept.
So you wanna kinda keep returning
the same API so that you can chain, and
chain, and chain.